c:\users\andreas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VkPlayer\VkPlayer\obj\Debug\VkPlayer.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\andreas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VkPlayer\VkPlayer\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
c:\users\andreas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VkPlayer\VkPlayer\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\andreas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VkPlayer\VkPlayer\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\andreas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VkPlayer\VkPlayer\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\andreas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VkPlayer\VkPlayer\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
c:\users\andreas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VkPlayer\VkPlayer\obj\Debug\App.xaml
c:\users\andreas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VkPlayer\VkPlayer\obj\Debug\MainPage.xaml
c:\users\andreas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VkPlayer\VkPlayer\obj\Debug\App.xbf
c:\users\andreas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VkPlayer\VkPlayer\obj\Debug\MainPage.xbf
c:\users\andreas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VkPlayer\VkPlayer\obj\Debug\XamlSaveStateFile.xml
c:\users\andreas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VkPlayer\VkPlayer\bin\Debug\App.xbf
c:\users\andreas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VkPlayer\VkPlayer\bin\Debug\MainPage.xbf
c:\users\andreas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VkPlayer\VkPlayer\bin\Debug\VkPlayer.xr.xml
c:\users\andreas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VkPlayer\VkPlayer\bin\Debug\VkPlayer.exe
c:\users\andreas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VkPlayer\VkPlayer\bin\Debug\VkPlayer.pdb
c:\users\andreas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VkPlayer\VkPlayer\bin\Debug\resources.pri
c:\users\andreas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VkPlayer\VkPlayer\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
c:\users\andreas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VkPlayer\VkPlayer\bin\Debug\VkPlayer.build.appxrecipe
c:\users\andreas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VkPlayer\VkPlayer\bin\Debug\VK.WindowsPhone.SDK-XAML.dll
c:\users\andreas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VkPlayer\VkPlayer\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\andreas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VkPlayer\VkPlayer\bin\Debug\VK.WindowsPhone.SDK-XAML.pdb
c:\users\andreas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VkPlayer\VkPlayer\bin\Debug\VK.WindowsPhone.SDK-XAML.pri
c:\users\andreas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VkPlayer\VkPlayer\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\andreas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VkPlayer\VkPlayer\obj\Debug\VkPlayer.exe
c:\users\andreas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VkPlayer\VkPlayer\obj\Debug\VkPlayer.pdb
c:\users\andreas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VkPlayer\VkPlayer\obj\Debug\VkPlayer.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\andreas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VkPlayer\VkPlayer\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
c:\users\andreas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VkPlayer\VkPlayer\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
c:\users\andreas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VkPlayer\VkPlayer\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
c:\users\andreas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VkPlayer\VkPlayer\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\andreas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VkPlayer\VkPlayer\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
c:\users\andreas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VkPlayer\VkPlayer\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\andreas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VkPlayer\VkPlayer\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
c:\users\andreas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VkPlayer\VkPlayer\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\andreas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VkPlayer\VkPlayer\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt
c:\users\andreas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VkPlayer\VkPlayer\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
c:\users\andreas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VkPlayer\VkPlayer\obj\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
c:\users\andreas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VkPlayer\VkPlayer\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
D:\GitProjects\FM-VkPlayer\VkPlayer\bin\Debug\App.xbf
D:\GitProjects\FM-VkPlayer\VkPlayer\bin\Debug\MainPage.xbf
D:\GitProjects\FM-VkPlayer\VkPlayer\bin\Debug\VkPlayer.xr.xml
D:\GitProjects\FM-VkPlayer\VkPlayer\bin\Debug\VkPlayer.exe
D:\GitProjects\FM-VkPlayer\VkPlayer\bin\Debug\VkPlayer.pdb
D:\GitProjects\FM-VkPlayer\VkPlayer\bin\Debug\resources.pri
D:\GitProjects\FM-VkPlayer\VkPlayer\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
D:\GitProjects\FM-VkPlayer\VkPlayer\bin\Debug\VkPlayer.build.appxrecipe
D:\GitProjects\FM-VkPlayer\VkPlayer\bin\Debug\VK.WindowsPhone.SDK-XAML.dll
D:\GitProjects\FM-VkPlayer\VkPlayer\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
D:\GitProjects\FM-VkPlayer\VkPlayer\bin\Debug\VK.WindowsPhone.SDK-XAML.pdb
D:\GitProjects\FM-VkPlayer\VkPlayer\bin\Debug\VK.WindowsPhone.SDK-XAML.pri
D:\GitProjects\FM-VkPlayer\VkPlayer\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
D:\GitProjects\FM-VkPlayer\VkPlayer\obj\Debug\VkPlayer.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\GitProjects\FM-VkPlayer\VkPlayer\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
D:\GitProjects\FM-VkPlayer\VkPlayer\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
D:\GitProjects\FM-VkPlayer\VkPlayer\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
D:\GitProjects\FM-VkPlayer\VkPlayer\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
D:\GitProjects\FM-VkPlayer\VkPlayer\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
D:\GitProjects\FM-VkPlayer\VkPlayer\obj\Debug\App.xaml
D:\GitProjects\FM-VkPlayer\VkPlayer\obj\Debug\MainPage.xaml
D:\GitProjects\FM-VkPlayer\VkPlayer\obj\Debug\App.xbf
D:\GitProjects\FM-VkPlayer\VkPlayer\obj\Debug\MainPage.xbf
D:\GitProjects\FM-VkPlayer\VkPlayer\obj\Debug\XamlSaveStateFile.xml
D:\GitProjects\FM-VkPlayer\VkPlayer\obj\Debug\VkPlayer.exe
D:\GitProjects\FM-VkPlayer\VkPlayer\obj\Debug\VkPlayer.pdb
D:\GitProjects\FM-VkPlayer\VkPlayer\obj\Debug\VkPlayer.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
D:\GitProjects\FM-VkPlayer\VkPlayer\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
D:\GitProjects\FM-VkPlayer\VkPlayer\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
D:\GitProjects\FM-VkPlayer\VkPlayer\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
D:\GitProjects\FM-VkPlayer\VkPlayer\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
D:\GitProjects\FM-VkPlayer\VkPlayer\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
D:\GitProjects\FM-VkPlayer\VkPlayer\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
D:\GitProjects\FM-VkPlayer\VkPlayer\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
D:\GitProjects\FM-VkPlayer\VkPlayer\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
D:\GitProjects\FM-VkPlayer\VkPlayer\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt
D:\GitProjects\FM-VkPlayer\VkPlayer\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
D:\GitProjects\FM-VkPlayer\VkPlayer\obj\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
D:\GitProjects\FM-VkPlayer\VkPlayer\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
